well the high death toll on Israel's
side undermines the perception that it's
always protected with Ironclad security
here's how the human cost of this latest
War compares to previous ones in the
2008 war on Gaza about, 14400
Palestinians and 13 Israelis died before
a ceasefire was reached in 2014 more
than 2,000 Palestinians were killed in
Gaza 73 Israelis died most of the
members of the Armed Forces and two
years ago another flare up resulted in
250 pal alans killed in Gaza 13 people
died in Israel in contrast the death
toll of this war currently stands at
around 400 Palestinians killed and more
than 700
Israelis well Franchesca albanesi is the
UN special Raper on the occupied
Palestinian territories she says there
needs to be a peaceful resolution to the
conflict like many I'm totally petrified
of what's happening I'm totally um
shocked and appalled by the by by the
violence but before anything else I'm
I'm horrified by The Narrative by the
discourse because it's possible and
necessary to stand with both the
Palestinians and
Israelis uh without resorting to ethical
relativism to selective oage or Worse
calls for violence politicians policy
makers should prioritize restoring
legality and accountability using
diplomacy and peace peace as conflict
resolution methods rather than
advocating for more violence or
standing with one side or another this
is not what either the Palestinians nor
the the Israeli needs I've been in this
role serving this roles for 16 months
now and I've said since the very
beginning as I saw violence mounting
escalating against defenseless
Palestinians and this is something that
has been ongoing for over over six
decades now 56 years just in the context
of the occupation but I've said since
the very beginning the settler Colonial
occupation the militarized the settler
Colonial occupation that Israel
maintains and traps both people both of
them are incredibly tied in the same
Destiny and one cannot do without the
other look at what many Israelis have
put out these days like Professor AEL
gross or breaking the Silence of course
they are in pain for what's happening to
Israelis how could it not be at the same
time they say what's happening needs to
be put in context a context of of
Decades of
Oppression imposed on the Palestinians
brutalization structural
violence